As our vision is to create a world where every disease is treatable, it is very crucial to
provide the best tools to make it easier for scientists to achieve that.
To treat all the diseases out there, what we have to do is we have to address targets
that are challenging.
It's not enough anymore to just address targets that are simple to handle, simple to analyze.
Drug discovery projects are getting more and more challenging, especially the molecules
involved.
Hence, new methods are needed and mostly these are our physical methods to address exactly
those challenging interactions.
There's a class of proteins, intrinsically this order of proteins, that are highly aggregation
from. When you study such proteins in solution, you are always facing the threat of these
proteins aggregating.
Hence you need a method that would deliver high quality data, even in presence of aggregates.
The new diameters with Spectral Shift implemented delivers exactly that.
It delivers very robust and high quality data, even in presence of aggregates.
But our precision is just amazing, it's shifts of 0.1 nanometer, we can resolve with a huge
resolution.
We have now the power as a scientist, the users' tools, to make this untrugable target,
once we tried it on more and more challenging interactions, we were really surprised and
amazed by the quality of data that we got.
Whatever plans we had, this is so great we just have to do it.
I think I've never been so excited the last 10 years.
To tackle these most challenging targets, it's really important for us to provide tools
that are easy to use for our customers.
So they shouldn't think about how to use it, how to analyze the data, how to optimize
the assay that it works.
They should just put their sample in and then it works.
And the Spectral Shift technology actually offered exactly this.
When we had this data, the first data in our hands, we said that's it, we have to make
it available to our customers.